So in APK studio, which is a cross platform idea for reverse engineering and recompiling of Android
application binaries within a single user interface, we will install a studio on the host machine.
All right, so here we'll use the APK lab extension for the same purposes, but we would like to show
the installation and usage of a studio for those who want to use a studio.
Of course, if you don't want to install a bookcase studio, please just go ahead and skip the lecture.
You won't be penalized, I promise.
So, you know, the drill over the browser, search for a studio, click on GitHub page.
Now, scroll down a bit, and this is the user interface.
So we can download it from the releases page, but first, let's look at some information.
So that we know how to build it and all of that information is right here on the wiki page.
So we first need to install Kutty.
So open the page.
And these are the packages and installers of Kutty five.
You can download an offline installer to install easily.
Download one of the installers, depending on your host system.
And I've already got it, so I'll download it via homebrew on my Mac OS, so that means on the terminal
screen.
First run Broo update.
And it's already up to date.
Mine is yours might not be, but I just want to make sure that we're all on the same page.
So we'll run Broo, install Kutty.
And you can see it's already installed on my host machine.
So let's visit the releases page.
I'll install the latest disk image for Mac OS.
Of course, if you're using windows, just install the zip file.
Save the file.
OK, and we can wait for a bit.
All right, so now that is downloaded, let's open it.
What is this?
There seems to be a problem with the icon of a studio.
It's not important.
Well, drag it to the applications folder.
OK, so if you're still here, let's open it from the applications folder.
Don't you know what McCoist needs to trust this application, not a bad idea, so, all right, quick
and open.
OK, so now we need to install the missing tool so that we can use a studio.
So let's look at the necessary tools and settings, so we need Apaid tool, Jadakiss, HDB and APK Sinar.
So really, all we have to do is write the location of their binary files here.
So to download Java, let's click on this link.
You can download Java from this website and click on JDK download.
You'll have to scroll down a bit.
And then download one of the packages, depending on your host machine.
Of course, I will select the one for macher was.
Accept the agreement and download.
All right, so it's downloaded so I can click on it.
And double click on the package.
Continue, install and enter the password or fingerprint.
OK, close it up now, let's go back to the settings.
So next, we need to install a RPK tool for the host machine to be able to run a big studio.
We'll need to download it on the county machine later.
So click on this link.
Download the jar file.
All right, so let's go to the downloads folder and we'll give the location of this file to Apex Studio.
Of course, you can put binary files wherever you want, but I'll create a folder and collect it so
that I can just keep it all together.
I do like being organized.
So I created a folder called Binaries under the documents folder, and I'll move the RPK tool here.
OK, so let's add the location of the tool jar file to a bookcase, studio settings.
So just click on browse and select the file.
OK, so the next necessary tool is Genex, so click on this link to download.
Download genetics from the first link.
OK, so let's open it up by unzipping.
So the executable file of Jadakiss is under the bin folder.
Also, move the jet folder to the binaries folder.
OK, so let's add the location of genetics to a studio settings.
Click on Browse Select File.
All right, so the next one is EDB.
Now, we don't need to download EDB because it comes with Android studio.
But we do need to know where EDB is, sort of learn this, just open up Android studio and click configure.
And Open SDK manager.
And here we've got the STK location, so Copiah.
Now, go to this location from the file manager, or you can always use a terminal if you want.
I'm going to continue with the terminal.
So we'll change the directory to this location list files.
So now let's look at the platform tools folder.
And it's here.
So run TWD to copy their current location.
Paste it here and don't forget to add the EDB.
All right, we're almost there.
So finally.
We've got to have the Uber app case to.
All right, so let's click on this link.
Download the jar file.
Go to the downloads folder.
And I am going to move this file to the binaries folder as well.
So now go back.
Click on Browse and select the file.
All right, so that is a process and we've now completed.
Installing the necessary tools, let me just see.
Yeah, so let's do this will restart a studio and we're going to check through all the tools.
All right, so here you can see all of the versions of each tool.
And that means there is no problem, we have done it.
So that's some good work.
Let's add an epic fail here and check if epic studio works.
So we're going to use the insecure bank application for testing, so we might as well download it.
Search for in your bank, the two.
And just click on the GitHub page.
Go to the releases page and download the APK file.
Now, let's the this file in a studio, so if you look under the file tab, click on Open and APK.
Selecta apk file and open it, select the decompiled Java option and click on the decompiled button.
All right, so it's compiling might take a moment or two.
Wait for it.
All right, so here is the decompiled source code of APIC.
Of course, we're going to analyze it in great detail while we're testing.